Tctl add scenario explanations (#1332)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-signal.md

  - explanation
---

> A Signal is an asynchronous request to a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution). Signals can be [defined in code](/app-dev-context/signals)or executed on the [command line](/tctl/workflow/signal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Signal is an asynchronous request to a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution).

- [How to develop, send, and handle Signals in code](/application-development/features#signals)
- [How to send a Signal using tctl](/tctl/workflow/signal).
```

> A Signal is an asynchronous request to a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution). Signals can be [defined in code](/application-development/features#signals)or executed on the [command line](/tctl/workflow/signal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Signal is an asynchronous request to a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution).

- [How to develop, send, and handle Signals in code](/application-development/features#signals)
- [How to send a Signal using tctl](/tctl/workflow/signal)
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's put these how-to links here
- How to develop Signals (link to app dev guide)
- How to send a Signal using tctl (link to tctl)

(and remove the how-to link at the bottom of this page.
